What is opps concept :
Stands for object oriented programming language. 
The purpose of oops is deal with real world entity using 
programing /scripting language.


1-with the help of oops we can covert big code to in small code.
2-with the help of oops we can  moduler the big code and reuse the same code
3-with the help of oops we creat big code  we can use this  big code in big project after again  n again.


OOPS concept mostly use in javascript frameworks like-> react js,angular js ,node js
addvantage.1-easly debug,2-we dont use for  small project.


opps features:
1-Class
2-Object
3-Encapsulation(data hide)
4-Inheritance(resuibility)  
5-Abstraction (data hide)
6-Poly-morphism(object take many form) 



1-What is class:-
Class is collection of object.Class is just templates for JavaScript Objects.
It's doesn't take any space of momory. class is also called as blueprint / entity logic.


2-What is object :
Object is an instance(varibale) of class that execute the class. Once objects created 
it takes up space like other varible in memory. 
Object collection of property and method.



what is property=is it like varibale(in this define varibale).
what is method=method is like function supposse (we have to add
               2 num thet program will be written in method)

type of method:
1-prototype  => we need to call,IN JS every function has a property called prototype.
2-consturtor => we dont neet to call it will automatically call once object created.
3-static     => In other method we creat object then call method in this case
                no need to create object (if we create object then will show error).


3)what is Encapsulation(data hide).
a- Encapsulation is a process of binding the data(i.e varibale) with the function on the data.
b- wrapping up property(varibale) and method(function) in one single unit.
c- use setter method to set data and use getter method to get the data.



4)Inheritance(reusibility)
when we consturt a new class from existing class such a way that the new class access all the 
properties & method of existing class called inheritance.



5)what is Abstraction(data hide).
a- An Abstraction is a way of HIDING the implementation details and
   SHOWING only the functionality to users.
b- Abstraction hides certain details and only show the essential features of the object.
c- Hide Details ,Show Essential.




6)Poly-morphism(object take many form) 
  poly        = many
  morph       = forms
  polymorphism= many forms
a-polymorphism is the ability to create a varibale/property,a funtion/method,or an object that has
  more then one form.
b-same method name may be behave diffrent forms in diffrent class.


